I am a pig
Haha uh
Emperor, did I hear you right?
You call him a master
I haven't seen this kid for a day
Master, after Master Xu left yesterday
I keep telling you to find you
The three night pearls in your hand
It's a rare baby
I am bound to win this Hangzhou competition
Well, you make a price.
Oh, the night pearl
Excuse me.
I don't really want to sell
I bid high
Master, think again
Forget it.
Not for sale, in that case
Then I won't force it.
Master Xu is gone
Why don't you help me choose a baby today?
What about me?
Never help people see things
Hey, hey, master, please help me.
You are my life saver now
If you don't help me, it's over.
What are you doing? There are so many people looking at you, okay?
Since you are so sincere
I'll take a look for you.
Hey, great.
Emperor, may I remind you?
Don't be deceived
Shut up, what the hell do you know?
Hey, teacher, please go, go, go
Oh master
There is still no suitable one.
It's all rubbish
Everything is rubbish
I don't think you can see it.
This has obtained several treasures.
I think this finger wrench is good.
No, this finger wrench is unlucky
Look at something else. Hey
Do you understand?
Such a good finger wrench is actually unlucky
Then you watched it for so long
Is there anything good?
That's it.